Cleanup BanchoBot (#3962)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/BanchoBot/en.md

```
*Notice: The `!request` command is no longer supported with BanchoBot.*

### Roll

```
!roll <argument> <number>
```

`!roll` draws a random number from 1 to the selected number. If a number is not specified or an argument is given, then the maximum number will be set to 100. Examples of sending this command are shown below:

```
13:00 pippi: !roll 1000
13:00 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 109 point(s)
```

```
13:01 pippi: !roll probability of failure 10
13:01 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 75 point(s)
```

### User statistics

```
!stats <user>
```

`!stats` displays the entered user's game statistics (stats). The output depends on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user is playing (or last played), although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. If asked to display stats from a user that has never played osu!. BanchoBot will respond with `User not found`, even if the user does exist. An example of sending this command is shown below:

```
13:01 pippi: !stats peppy
13:01 BanchoBot: Stats for peppy:
13:01 BanchoBot: Store: 427,514,691 (#94718)
13:01 BanchoBot: Plays: 7348 (lv66)
13:01 BanchoBot: Accuracy: 87.13%
```

### Where

```
!where <user>
```

> `!where` shows the entered user's current location. By default, this only shows the user's country. But if the user has `Share your city location with others` enabled, it will also display their city.* An example of sending this command is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`!where` shows the entered user's current location. By default, this only shows the user's country. But if the user has `Share your city location with others` enabled, it will also display their city. An example of sending this command is shown below:
```

```
13:02 pippi: !where Ephemeral
13:02 BanchoBot: Ephemeral is in Australia
```

### FAQ

```
!faq <entry>
```

```
!faq list
```

`!faq` shows the contents of the entry. Alternatively, the `list` argument can be used to show all available entries. By default, BanchoBot will respond in English, but it is possible to recieve an answer in another language by prefixing the entry with said language's [two-letter code](/wiki/Article_Styling_Criteria#locales). Examples of sending this command are shown below:

```
13:03 pippi: !faq peppy
13:03 BanchoBot: peppy is the lead developer and indeed, the creator of osu! and handles most of the project himself.
```

```
13:04 <pipppi> faq ru:lines
14:04 <BanchoBot> Умещайте свои мысли в меньшее количество строк, чтобы не получить сайленс.
```

### Report

*For information about what is worth reporting, see [Reporting Bad Behaviour](/wiki/Reporting_Bad_Behaviour).*

```
!report <user> <reason>
```

> `!report` notifies the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/Global_Moderation_Team) about a user's inappropriate behaviour; it is also possible to report a user by right-clicking their in-game user card. If a user has spaces in their username, replace them with underscores (`_`). E.g., `really cool username` becomes `really_cool_username`. To report a moderator, send an email to [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). An example of reporting a normal user through BanchoBot is shown below:

Reviewer: if you merge two short sentences, the resulting one looks a bit better:
```suggestion
`!report` notifies the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/Global_Moderation_Team) about a user's inappropriate behaviour; it is also possible to report a user by right-clicking their in-game user card. If a user has spaces in their username, replace them with underscores (`_`), e.g., `really cool username` becomes `really_cool_username`. To report a moderator, send an email to [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). An example of reporting a normal user through BanchoBot is shown below:
```

Author: I'd have to disagree with you on that one: it sounds a bit mouthy and teeters on the edge of run-on. It could also be mistaken as referring to the clause that came before it rather than the one that comes after.

---

> tags:
>   - bancho
>   - server bot
>   - commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tags:
  - bancho
  - server bot
  - commands
  - announcements
```

---

<!--TODO:
- add section that lists and explains all the game-related announcments -->

# BanchoBot

*Not to be confused with [Bancho (server)](/wiki/Bancho)*

![BanchoBot's user card](img/BanchoBot.jpg "BanchoBot's user card")

> **BanchoBot** (sometimes shortened to "Bancho") is an online chat bot for osu! that assists people in the in-game chat by announcing game-related messages (e.g., new first place ranks, total plays, retries, etc.), and responding to certain commands. It was programmed by [Echo49](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) and is the host of the [Bancho IRC](/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat) (Internet Relay Chat). BanchoBot also has its own [osu! profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3) and [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/banchoboat).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**BanchoBot** (sometimes shortened to "Bancho") is an online chat bot for osu! that assists people in the in-game chat by announcing game-related messages (e.g., new first place ranks, total plays, retries, etc.), and responding to certain commands. It was programmed by [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) and is the provider of the [Bancho IRC](/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat) (Internet Relay Chat). BanchoBot also has its own [osu! profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3) and [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/banchoboat).
```
no need to feature Echo's previous (?) name, which might confuse readers

also I'm not sure if IRC is still hosted by Echo, since they are listed as inactive and alumni. so changing that part to "provider of the Bancho IRC" instead might be better

> **BanchoBot** (sometimes shortened to "Bancho") is an online chat bot for osu! that assists people in the in-game chat by announcing game-related messages (e.g., new first place ranks, total plays, retries, etc.), and responding to certain commands. It was programmed by [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) and is the provider of the [Bancho IRC](/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat) (Internet Relay Chat). BanchoBot also has its own [osu! profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3) and [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/banchoboat).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**BanchoBot** (sometimes referred to as *Bancho*) is an online chat bot made for osu! that assists people in the in-game chat by announcing game-related messages (e.g. total plays, retries, etc.), and responding to certain commands. It was programmed by [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) and is the provider of the [Bancho IRC](/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat) (Internet Relay Chat). 

BanchoBot also has its own [osu! profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3) and [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/banchoboat).
```

## Commands

*For a list of in-game client commands, see: [Chat Console](/wiki/Chat_Console#commands-list)*

> BanchoBot can respond to player commands through specific typed messages in chat. All BanchoBot commands start with an exlcamation mark (`!`) followed by the name of the command (with no space between). These commands can be used in multiplayer chat channels and through private messages with BanchoBot. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
BanchoBot can respond to player commands through specific typed messages in chat. All BanchoBot commands start with an exclamation mark (`!`) followed by the name of the command (with no space between). These commands can be used in multiplayer chat channels and through private messages with BanchoBot. 
```
fix typo

> BanchoBot can respond to player commands through specific typed messages in chat. All BanchoBot commands start with an exclamation mark (`!`) followed by the name of the command (with no space between). These commands can be used in multiplayer chat channels and through private messages with BanchoBot. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BanchoBot can respond to player commands through specific typed messages in chat. All BanchoBot commands start with an exclamation mark (`!`) followed by the case-insensitive name of the command (with no space between). These commands can be used in chat channels and through private messages with BanchoBot. 
```

> If a normal user sends a command in a public chat channel, other users will not see it, but the response will be displayed in a private message with BanchoBot. Users may also use the `/bb` in-game client command to automatically open a tab with BanchoBot and send the command immediately. A list of all BanchoBot commands can be found below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a normal user sends a command in a public chat channel, other users will not see it, and the response will be displayed in a private message with BanchoBot. Users may also use the `/bb` in-game client command to automatically open a tab with BanchoBot and send the command immediately. 

A list of all BanchoBot commands can be found below:
```

- [Help](#help)
- [Roll](#roll)

> - [Stats](#user-statistics)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Stats](#stats)
```

- [Where](#where)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Report](#report)

### Help

```
!help
```

`!help` shows a list of all available BanchoBot commands. An example of sending this command is shown below:

<!--note for editors: the code block below reflects the exact response from banchobot -->

```
13:00 pippi: !help
13:00 BanchoBot: Standard Commands (!COMMAND or /msg BanchoBot COMMAND):
13:00 BanchoBot: WHERE <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: STATS <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: FAQ <item>|list
13:00 BanchoBot: REPORT <reason> - call for an admin
13:00 BanchoBot: REQUEST [list] - shows a random recent mod request
13:00 BanchoBot: ROLL <number> - roll a dice and get random result from 1 to number(default 100)
```

*Notice: The `!request` command is no longer supported with BanchoBot.*

### Roll

```
!roll <argument> <number>
```

`!roll` draws a random number from 1 to the selected number. If a number is not specified or an argument is given, then the maximum number will be set to 100. Examples of sending this command are shown below:

```
13:00 pippi: !roll 1000
13:00 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 109 point(s)
```

```
13:01 pippi: !roll probability of failure
13:01 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 75 point(s)
```

> ### User statistics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Stats
```

```
13:01 pippi: !stats peppy
13:01 BanchoBot: Stats for peppy:
13:01 BanchoBot: Store: 427,514,691 (#94718)
13:01 BanchoBot: Plays: 7348 (lv66)
13:01 BanchoBot: Accuracy: 87.13%
```

### Where

```
!where <user>
```

`!where` shows the entered user's current location. By default, this only shows the user's country. But if the user has `Share your city location with others` enabled, it will also display their city. An example of sending this command is shown below:

```
13:02 pippi: !where Ephemeral
13:02 BanchoBot: Ephemeral is in Australia
```

### FAQ

```
!faq <entry>
```

```
!faq list
```

`!faq` shows the contents of the entry. Alternatively, the `list` argument can be used to show all available entries. By default, BanchoBot will respond in English, but it is possible to recieve an answer in another language by prefixing the entry with said language's [two-letter code](/wiki/Article_Styling_Criteria#locales). Examples of sending this command are shown below:

```
13:03 pippi: !faq peppy
13:03 BanchoBot: peppy is the lead developer and indeed, the creator of osu! and handles most of the project himself.
```

```

> 13:04 <pipppi> faq ru:lines

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
13:04 <pippi> !faq ru:lines
```
I'm assuming a typo was made here

## Commands

*For a list of in-game client commands, see: [Chat Console](/wiki/Chat_Console#commands-list)*

BanchoBot can respond to player commands through specific typed messages in chat. All BanchoBot commands start with an exlcamation mark (`!`) followed by the name of the command (with no space between). These commands can be used in multiplayer chat channels and through private messages with BanchoBot. 

If a normal user sends a command in a public chat channel, other users will not see it, but the response will be displayed in a private message with BanchoBot. Users may also use the `/bb` in-game client command to automatically open a tab with BanchoBot and send the command immediately. A list of all BanchoBot commands can be found below:

> *Note: The `!request` command is not included because it is no longer supported.*

Reviewer: this note fits better after the `!help` output below

- [Help](#help)
- [Roll](#roll)
- [Stats](#user-statistics)
- [Where](#where)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Report](#report)

### Help

```
!help
```

`!help` shows a list of all available BanchoBot commands. An example of sending this command is shown below:

<!--note for editors: the code block below reflects the exact response from banchobot -->

```
13:00 pippi: !help
13:00 BanchoBot: Standard Commands (!COMMAND or /msg BanchoBot COMMAND):
13:00 BanchoBot: WHERE <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: STATS <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: FAQ <item>|list
13:00 BanchoBot: REPORT <reason> - call for an admin
13:00 BanchoBot: REQUEST [list] - shows a random recent mod request
13:00 BanchoBot: ROLL <number> - roll a dice and get random result from 1 to number(default 100)
```

### Roll

```
!roll <argument> <number>
```

`!roll` draws a random number from 1 to the selected number. If a number is not specified or an argument is given, then the maximum number will be set to 100. Examples of sending this command are shown below:

```
13:00 pippi: !roll 1000
13:00 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 109 point(s)
```

```

> 13:01 pippi: !roll probability of failure 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13:01 pippi: !roll probability of failure
```

Author: I added the "10" to show that it doesn't matter what you specific as a max number, bc adding an argument will always result in a number from 1–100

Author: I added the "10" to show that it doesn't matter what you specific as a max number, bc adding an argument will always result in a number from 1–100

Author: Actually, nvm, idk why i fought this

13:01 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 75 point(s)
```

### User statistics

```
!stats <user>
```

> `!stats` displays the entered user's game statistics (stats). The results of which depend on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user is playing (or last played), although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. An example of sending this command is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`!stats` displays the entered user's game statistics (stats). The output depends on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user is playing (or last played), although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. An example of sending this command is shown below:
```

*Note: BanchoBot will respond with `User not found` if the user has never played a game, even if the user does exist.*

```
13:01 pippi: !stats peppy
13:01 BanchoBot: Stats for peppy:
13:01 BanchoBot: Store: 427,514,691 (#94718)
13:01 BanchoBot: Plays: 7348 (lv66)
13:01 BanchoBot: Accuracy: 87.13%
```

### Where

```
!where <user>
```

> `!where` shows the entered user's current location. By default, this only shows the user's country. But if the user has `Share your city location with others` enabled, it will also display their city.* An example of sending this command is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`!where` shows the entered user's current location. By default, this only shows the user's country, but if the user has `Share your city location with others` game setting enabled, it will also display their city.* An example of sending this command is shown below:
```

Author: Coordinating conjunctions are able to begin sentence. In this case, I think it prevents the sentence from becoming overly long.

Reviewer: merging these two sentences into one would make it less of a bumpy read, but oh well

```
13:02 pippi: !where Ephemeral
13:02 BanchoBot: Ephemeral is in Australia
```

### FAQ

```
!faq <entry>
```

```
!faq list
```

> `!faq` shows the contents of the entry. Users may use the `list` argument to show all available entries. By default, BanchoBot will respond in English, but it is possible to recieve an answer in another language by prefixing the entry with said language's [two-letter code](/wiki/Article_Styling_Criteria#locales). Examples of sending this command are shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`!faq` shows the contents of the entry. The `list` argument can be used to show all available entries. By default, BanchoBot will respond in English, but it is possible to recieve an answer in another language by prefixing the entry with said language's [two-letter code](/wiki/Article_Styling_Criteria#locales). Examples of sending this command are shown below:
```

```
13:03 pippi: !faq peppy
13:03 BanchoBot: peppy is the lead developer and indeed, the creator of osu! and handles most of the project himself.
```

```
13:04 <pipppi> faq ru:lines
14:04 <BanchoBot> Умещайте свои мысли в меньшее количество строк, чтобы не получить сайленс.
```

### Report

*For information about what is worth reporting, see [Reporting Bad Behaviour](/wiki/Reporting_Bad_Behaviour).*

```
!report <user> <reason>
```

*Notice: When entering the username, replace spaces with underscores (`_`).*

> `!report` sends a report to the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/Global_Moderation_Team) (GMT); it is also possible to report a user by right-clicking on said user's user card, although neither of these methods are viable for reporting moderators. To report a moderator, send an email to [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). An example of reporting a normal user through BanchoBot is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`!report` notifies the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/Global_Moderation_Team) about a user's inappropriate behaviour; it is also possible to report a user by right-clicking their in-game card. To report a moderator, send an email to [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). An example of reporting a normal user through BanchoBot is shown below:
```

If a normal user sends a command in a public chat channel, other users will not see it, and the response will be displayed in a private message with BanchoBot. Users may also use the `/bb` in-game client command to automatically open a tab with BanchoBot and send the command immediately. 

A list of all BanchoBot commands can be found below:

- [Help](#help)
- [Roll](#roll)
- [Stats](#stats)
- [Where](#where)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Report](#report)

### Help

```
!help
```

`!help` shows a list of all available BanchoBot commands. An example of sending this command is shown below:

<!--note for editors: the code block below reflects the exact response from banchobot -->

```
13:00 pippi: !help
13:00 BanchoBot: Standard Commands (!COMMAND or /msg BanchoBot COMMAND):
13:00 BanchoBot: WHERE <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: STATS <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: FAQ <item>|list
13:00 BanchoBot: REPORT <reason> - call for an admin
13:00 BanchoBot: REQUEST [list] - shows a random recent mod request
13:00 BanchoBot: ROLL <number> - roll a dice and get random result from 1 to number(default 100)
```

*Notice: The `!request` command is no longer supported with BanchoBot.*

### Roll

```

> !roll <argument> <number>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!roll <argument>/<number>
```

```

> `!roll` draws a random number from 1 to the selected number. If a number is not specified or an argument is given, then the maximum number will be set to 100. Examples of sending this command are shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`!roll` draws a random number from 1 to the selected number. If the number is not specified or an argument is given, then the maximum number will be set to 100. Examples of sending this command are shown below:
```

```
13:00 pippi: !roll 1000
13:00 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 109 point(s)
```

```
13:01 pippi: !roll probability of failure
13:01 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 75 point(s)
```

### Stats

```

> !stats <user>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!stats <username>
```

```

> `!stats` displays the entered user's game statistics (stats). The output depends on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user is playing (or last played), although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. If asked to display stats from a user that has never played osu!. BanchoBot will respond with `User not found`, even if the user does exist. An example of sending this command is shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`!stats` displays the entered user's game statistics. The output depends on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user last played, although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. If asked to display stats from a user that has never played osu!. BanchoBot will respond with `User not found`, even if the user does exist. An example of sending this command is shown below:
```

> `!stats` displays the entered user's game statistics (stats). The output depends on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user is playing (or last played), although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. If asked to display stats from a user that has never played osu!. BanchoBot will respond with `User not found`, even if the user does exist. An example of sending this command is shown below:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`!stats` displays the entered user's game statistics (stats). The output depends on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user is playing (or last played), although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. If asked to display stats from a user that has never played osu!, BanchoBot will respond with `User not found`, even if the user does exist. An example of sending this command is shown below:
```

```
13:01 pippi: !stats peppy
13:01 BanchoBot: Stats for peppy:
13:01 BanchoBot: Store: 427,514,691 (#94718)
13:01 BanchoBot: Plays: 7348 (lv66)
13:01 BanchoBot: Accuracy: 87.13%
```

### Where

```

> !where <user>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!where <username>
```

```

`!where` shows the entered user's current location. By default, this only shows the user's country. But if the user has `Share your city location with others` enabled, it will also display their city. An example of sending this command is shown below:

```
13:02 pippi: !where Ephemeral
13:02 BanchoBot: Ephemeral is in Australia
```

### FAQ

```
!faq <entry>
```

```
!faq list
```

> `!faq` shows the contents of the entry. Alternatively, the `list` argument can be used to show all available entries. By default, BanchoBot will respond in English, but it is possible to recieve an answer in another language by prefixing the entry with said language's [two-letter code](/wiki/Article_Styling_Criteria#locales). Examples of sending this command are shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`!faq` shows the contents of an entry. Alternatively, the `list` argument can be used to show all available entries. By default, BanchoBot will respond in English, but it is possible to recieve an answer in another language by prefixing the entry with said language's [two-letter code](/wiki/Article_Styling_Criteria#locales). Examples of sending this command are shown below:
```

```
13:03 pippi: !faq peppy
13:03 BanchoBot: peppy is the lead developer and indeed, the creator of osu! and handles most of the project himself.
```

```

> 13:04 <pippi> !faq ru:lines

Reviewer 2: inconsistent username syntax

14:04 <BanchoBot> Умещайте свои мысли в меньшее количество строк, чтобы не получить сайленс.
```

### Report

*For information about what is worth reporting, see [Reporting Bad Behaviour](/wiki/Reporting_Bad_Behaviour).*

```
!report <user> <reason>
```

> `!report` notifies the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/Global_Moderation_Team) about a user's inappropriate behaviour. If a user has spaces in their username, replace them with underscores (`_`). E.g., `really cool username` becomes `really_cool_username`. To report a moderator, send an email to [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). An example of reporting a normal user through BanchoBot is shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`!report` notifies the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/Global_Moderation_Team) about a user's inappropriate behaviour. If a user has spaces in their username, replace them with underscores (e.g. `really cool username` becomes `really_cool_username`). To report a moderator, send an email to [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). An example of reporting a normal user through BanchoBot is shown below:
```

- [Help](#help)
- [Roll](#roll)
- [Stats](#user-statistics)
- [Where](#where)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Report](#report)

### Help

```
!help
```

`!help` shows a list of all available BanchoBot commands. An example of sending this command is shown below:

<!--note for editors: the code block below reflects the exact response from banchobot -->

```
13:00 pippi: !help
13:00 BanchoBot: Standard Commands (!COMMAND or /msg BanchoBot COMMAND):
13:00 BanchoBot: WHERE <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: STATS <user>
13:00 BanchoBot: FAQ <item>|list
13:00 BanchoBot: REPORT <reason> - call for an admin
13:00 BanchoBot: REQUEST [list] - shows a random recent mod request
13:00 BanchoBot: ROLL <number> - roll a dice and get random result from 1 to number(default 100)
```

### Roll

*Note: players may add an argument after `!roll` and before `<number>`, and the command will still be understood. Although it does not change the outcome.*

```
!roll <number>
```

`!roll` draws a random number from 1 to the selected number (default is 100). An example of sending this command is shown below:

```
13:00 pippi: !roll 1000
13:00 BanchoBot: pippi rolls 109 point(s)
```

### User statistics

> *Note: all user arguments are case-insensitive, as usernames are case-insensitive.*

Reviewer: you can omit the second part to avoid unnecessary repetition

```
!stats <user>
```

> `!stats` displays the entered user's user statistics (stats). The resulting stats depend on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_Modes) that the entered user is playing (or last played). Although BanchoBot will not display which game mode the stats came from. An example of sending this command is shown below:

Reviewer: - *user's user statistics* -> *user's game statistics*
- please avoid fragment sentences starting with *Although*: https://jalc.edu/files/uploads/global/english/pdfs/writing_center_tutorials/38_the_proper_use_of_although.pdf
- the word "stats" is mentioned in 3 of 4 sentences, any chance you could cut its usage down?

*Note: BanchoBot will respond with `User not found` if the user has never played a game, even if the user does exist.*

```
13:01 pippi: !stats peppy
13:01 BanchoBot: Stats for peppy:
13:01 BanchoBot: Store: 427,514,691 (#94718)
13:01 BanchoBot: Plays: 7348 (lv66)
13:01 BanchoBot: Accuracy: 87.13%
```

### Where

```
!where <user>
```

`!where` shows the entered user's current location. An example of sending this command is shown below:

*Note: By default, this only shows the user's country. If the user has `Share your city location with others` enabled, it may also display their city.*

```
13:02 pippi: !where Ephemeral
13:02 BanchoBot: Ephemeral is in Australia
```

### FAQ

```
!faq <entry>
```

```
!faq list
```

> `!faq` shows the message of the entry. Users may use the `list` argument to show all available entries. When a moderator uses this in a public chat channel, the response will be outputted to that channel. When normal users use this in a public channel, the response will be outputted through BanchoBot's private message tab. Examples of sending this command as a normal user are shown below:

Reviewer: - *message* -> *contents*?
- public/non-public output explanation is excessive, as it's mentioned in the beginning of the article
- it's worth mentioning you can get the article in another language if you prefix it with the language's two-letter code:
```
14:15:18 <TicClick> faq ru:lines
14:15:18 <BanchoBot> Умещайте свои мысли в меньшее количество строк, чтобы не получить сайленс.
```

13:05 BanchoBot: lag, language, language-specific, level, tines, link, lobby, localisation, long-link, long-text, toyed, mac 
13:05 BanchoBot: malaysian, map-this, mapping, mat, mentoring, modhetp, modqueue, modreqs, mptimeroo, multi invite, multiaccounting, multiplayer 
13:05 BanchoBot: mwc, nat, nightcore, noel, norwegian, np, nsfw, old-maps, osu, osu!droid, osugablet, osu!talk 
13:05 BanchoBot: osucore, osumania, osustream, osz, OSZ2, owc, peppy, percolate, perfect, ping, pippi, piracy 
13:05 BanchoBot: play-shortcuts, pm, polish, portuguese, pp, preview, problem, qat, qualified, ranked, ranking-criteria, redname 
13:05 BanchoBot: report, report-abuse, request, respect, roll-abuse, romaji, romanian, room, rp, rules, russian, sauce 
13:05 BanchoBot: sb, scorevz, scoring, seitseid, silence, skandinavian, skinning, sleep, songs-not-appearing, spaces, spam, spanish 
13:05 BanchoBot: spectate, spoiler, status, store, submit, suck, supporter, supporter-please, swedish, tablet, tag, taiko 
13:05 BanchoBot: taiko-mapping, taiko-maps, thai, topic, training, tsya, turkish, tutorial, twc, ukrainian, unicode, upload-cap 

> 13:05 BanchoBot: utfa, videogames, vietnamese, welcome, when, wiki, zallius 

Reviewer: this is excessive and does not really contribute to the article: the entries may be added or removed, not to mention it's really a wall of text

```

An example of a moderator using the `!faq` command in a public chat channel is shown below:

```
pippi: 你好
Yuzu: !faq chinese
BanchoBot: 中文用户请点击 #chinese 以进入中文频道进行交流。
BanchoBot: #osu 是英文专属频道，如果接获此讯息后继续在 #osu 内以中文交谈，管理员有权利禁言。
```

### Report

*For information about what is worth reporting, see [Reporting Bad Behaviour](/wiki/Reporting_Bad_Behaviour).*

```
!report <user> <reason>
```

*Notice: When entering the username, replace spaces with underscores (`_`).*

> `!report` sends a report to the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/Global_Moderation_Team) (GMT) or the [Language Moderators](/wiki/Language_Moderators); it is also possible to report a user by right-clicking on said user's user card. Although neither of these methods are viable for reporting moderators. To report a moderator, send an email to [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh). An example of reporting a normal user through BanchoBot is shown below:

Reviewer: - Language Moderators team has been merged with GMT quite some time ago
- again, erroneous usage of "Although"
